org.apache.jmeter.testelement.TestPlan, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.control.gui.TestPlanGui
org.apache.jmeter.threads.ThreadGroup, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.threads.gui.ThreadGroupGui

org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.sampler.HTTPSamplerProxy, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.control.gui.HttpTestSampleGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.java.sampler.JSR223Sampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.sampler.DebugSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.sampler.AjpSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.control.gui.AjpSamplerGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.sampler.AccessLogSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.sampler.AccessLogSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.java.sampler.BeanShellSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.java.control.gui.BeanShellSamplerGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.java.sampler.BeanShellSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.java.control.gui.BeanShellSamplerGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.bolt.sampler.BoltSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.ftp.sampler.FTPSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.ftp.control.gui.FtpTestSamplerGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.sampler.HTTPSamplerProxy, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.control.gui.GraphQLHTTPSamplerGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.jdbc.sampler.JDBCSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.jms.sampler.JMSSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.jms.control.gui.JMSSamplerGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.jms.sampler.PublisherSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.jms.control.gui.JMSPublisherGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.jms.sampler.SubscriberSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.jms.control.gui.JMSSubscriberGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.java.sampler.JUnitSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.java.control.gui.JUnitTestSamplerGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.java.sampler.JavaSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.java.control.gui.JavaTestSamplerGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.ldap.sampler.LDAPExtSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.ldap.control.gui.LdapExtTestSamplerGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.ldap.sampler.LDAPSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.ldap.control.gui.LdapTestSamplerGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.mail.sampler.MailReaderSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.mail.sampler.gui.MailReaderSamplerGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.system.SystemSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.system.gui.SystemSamplerGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.smtp.sampler.SmtpSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.smtp.sampler.gui.SmtpSamplerGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.tcp.sampler.TCPSampler, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.tcp.control.gui.TCPSamplerGui




org.apache.jmeter.assertions.ResponseAssertion, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.assertions.gui.AssertionGui
org.apache.jmeter.assertions.JSONPathAssertion, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.assertions.gui.JSONPathAssertionGui
org.apache.jmeter.assertions.SizeAssertion, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.assertions.gui.SizeAssertionGui
org.apache.jmeter.assertions.JSR223Assertion, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.assertions.XPath2Assertion, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.assertions.gui.XPath2AssertionGui
org.apache.jmeter.assertions.CompareAssertion, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.assertions.DurationAssertion, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.assertions.gui.DurationAssertionGui
org.apache.jmeter.assertions.HTMLAssertion, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.assertions.gui.HTMLAssertionGui
org.apache.jmeter.assertions.jmespath.JMESPathAssertion, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.assertions.jmespath.gui.JMESPathAssertionGui
org.apache.jmeter.assertions.MD5HexAssertion, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.assertions.gui.MD5HexAssertionGUI
org.apache.jmeter.assertions.SMIMEAssertionTestElement, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.assertions.gui.SMIMEAssertionGui
org.apache.jmeter.assertions.XMLAssertion, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.assertions.gui.XMLAssertionGui
org.apache.jmeter.assertions.XMLSchemaAssertion, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.assertions.gui.XMLSchemaAssertionGUI
org.apache.jmeter.assertions.XPathAssertion, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.assertions.gui.XPathAssertionGui
org.apache.jmeter.assertions.BeanShellAssertion, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.assertions.gui.BeanShellAssertionGui

org.apache.jmeter.timers.ConstantTimer, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.timers.gui.ConstantTimerGui
org.apache.jmeter.timers.UniformRandomTimer, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.timers.gui.UniformRandomTimerGui
org.apache.jmeter.timers.poissonarrivals.PreciseThroughputTimer, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.timers.ConstantThroughputTimer, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.timers.GaussianRandomTimer, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.timers.gui.GaussianRandomTimerGui
org.apache.jmeter.timers.JSR223Timer, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.timers.PoissonRandomTimer, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.timers.gui.PoissonRandomTimerGui
org.apache.jmeter.timers.SyncTimer, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.timers.BeanShellTimer, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI

org.apache.jmeter.modifiers.JSR223PreProcessor, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.modifiers.UserParameters, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.modifiers.gui.UserParametersGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.modifier.AnchorModifier, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.modifier.gui.AnchorModifierGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.modifier.URLRewritingModifier, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.modifier.gui.URLRewritingModifierGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.jdbc.processor.JDBCPreProcessor, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.modifier.RegExUserParameters, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.modifier.gui.RegExUserParametersGui
org.apache.jmeter.modifiers.SampleTimeout, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.modifiers.gui.SampleTimeoutGui
org.apache.jmeter.modifiers.BeanShellPreProcessor, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI


org.apache.jmeter.extractor.HtmlExtractor, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.extractor.gui.HtmlExtractorGui
org.apache.jmeter.extractor.json.jsonpath.JSONPostProcessor, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.extractor.json.jsonpath.gui.JSONPostProcessorGui
org.apache.jmeter.extractor.json.jmespath.JMESPathExtractor, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.extractor.json.jmespath.gui.JMESPathExtractorGui
org.apache.jmeter.extractor.BoundaryExtractor, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.extractor.gui.BoundaryExtractorGui
org.apache.jmeter.extractor.RegexExtractor, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.extractor.gui.RegexExtractorGui
org.apache.jmeter.extractor.JSR223PostProcessor, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.extractor.DebugPostProcessor, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.jdbc.processor.JDBCPostProcessor, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.reporters.ResultAction, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.reporters.gui.ResultActionGui
org.apache.jmeter.extractor.XPathExtractor, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.extractor.gui.XPathExtractorGui
org.apache.jmeter.extractor.XPath2Extractor, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.extractor.gui.XPath2ExtractorGui
org.apache.jmeter.extractor.BeanShellPostProcessor, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI


org.apache.jmeter.config.CSVDataSet, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.control.HeaderManager, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.gui.HeaderPanel
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.control.CookieManager, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.gui.CookiePanel
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.control.CacheManager, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.gui.CacheManagerGui
org.apache.jmeter.config.ConfigTestElement, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.config.gui.HttpDefaultsGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.bolt.config.BoltConnectionElement, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.modifiers.CounterConfig, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.modifiers.gui.CounterConfigGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.control.DNSCacheManager, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.gui.DNSCachePanel
org.apache.jmeter.config.ConfigTestElement, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.ftp.config.gui.FtpConfigGui
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.control.AuthManager, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.http.gui.AuthPanel
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.jdbc.config.DataSourceElement, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.protocol.java.config.JavaConfig, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.java.config.gui.JavaConfigGui
org.apache.jmeter.config.KeystoreConfig, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.config.ConfigTestElement, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.ldap.config.gui.LdapExtConfigGui
org.apache.jmeter.config.ConfigTestElement, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.ldap.config.gui.LdapConfigGui
org.apache.jmeter.config.ConfigTestElement, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.config.gui.LoginConfigGui
org.apache.jmeter.config.RandomVariableConfig, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.config.ConfigTestElement, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.config.gui.SimpleConfigGui
org.apache.jmeter.config.ConfigTestElement, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.protocol.tcp.config.gui.TCPConfigGui
org.apache.jmeter.config.Arguments, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.config.gui.ArgumentsPanel

org.apache.jmeter.reporters.ResultCollector, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.visualizers.ViewResultsFullVisualizer
org.apache.jmeter.reporters.ResultCollector, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.visualizers.SummaryReport
org.apache.jmeter.reporters.ResultCollector, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.visualizers.StatVisualizer
org.apache.jmeter.visualizers.backend.BackendListener, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.visualizers.backend.BackendListenerGui
org.apache.jmeter.reporters.ResultCollector, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.visualizers.StatGraphVisualizer
org.apache.jmeter.reporters.ResultCollector, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.visualizers.AssertionVisualizer
org.apache.jmeter.reporters.ResultCollector, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.visualizers.ComparisonVisualizer
org.apache.jmeter.reporters.Summariser, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.reporters.gui.SummariserGui
org.apache.jmeter.reporters.ResultCollector, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.visualizers.GraphVisualizer
org.apache.jmeter.visualizers.JSR223Listener, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
org.apache.jmeter.reporters.MailerResultCollector, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.visualizers.MailerVisualizer
org.apache.jmeter.reporters.ResultCollector, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.visualizers.RespTimeGraphVisualizer
org.apache.jmeter.reporters.ResultSaver, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.reporters.gui.ResultSaverGui
org.apache.jmeter.reporters.ResultCollector, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.visualizers.SimpleDataWriter
org.apache.jmeter.reporters.ResultCollector, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.visualizers.TableVisualizer
org.apache.jmeter.visualizers.BeanShellListener, guiClassName: org.apache.jmeter.testbeans.gui.TestBeanGUI
